Added links from branches to episodes (#11)
carpentries-incubator/astronaut-data-analysis-not-so-good: README.md

This repository is an example of "not so good" software that is meant to be improved over the course to show examples of better 
and more FAIR software practices. 

Various branches of this repository represent the state of the code as it should be at the start of each of the course episodes:

> - branch [01] matches the code at start of episode [01](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/fair-research-software/01-introduction.html)

Author: ```suggestion
- branch [01-introduction](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/astronaut-data-analysis-not-so-good/tree/01-introduction) matches the code at start of episode [01](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/fair-research-software/01-introduction.html)
```

> - branch [01] matches the start of episode ["1. Course introduction"](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/fair-research-software/02-fair-research-software.html)

Author: ```suggestion
- branch [02-tools](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/astronaut-data-analysis-not-so-good/tree/02-tools) matches the start of episode ["1. Course introduction"](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/fair-research-software/02-fair-research-software.html)
```
